README.md, before:

# Resi Map

<a href="#"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation-Yes-brightgreen" /></a> 
<a href="#"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Webpack-true-blue" /></a> 

<img src="https://a.pomf.cat/ldcacb.png" alt="Welcome Page">

> Explore the Residencial Primavera through an interactive map, made with <a href="https://threejs.org/" target="_blank">ThreeJS</a>.

## 🚀 Getting Started 

### Prerequisites

To run this project in the development mode, you'll need to have a basic environment to run Webpack, the information can be found [here](https://webpack.js.org/guides/getting-started/).

### Installing

**Cloning the Repository**

```
$ git clone https://github.com/almeidiano/resi-map/

$ cd resi-map
```

**Installing dependencies**

```
$ yarn
```

_or_

```
$ npm install
```

## Built With

- [ThreeJS](https://threejs.org/) - 3D map model made by this library
- [RenderDoc](https://renderdoc.org/) - Frame-capture software used to get this 3d model via google maps
- [Blender](https://www.blender.org/) - To made this 3D model accessible 
- [GSAP](https://greensock.com/gsap/) - Robust JavaScript animation toolset
- [Tippy.JS](https://atomiks.github.io/tippyjs/) - Tippy.js is the complete tooltip, popover, dropdown, and menu solution for the web.
- [IntroJS](https://introjs.com/) - Intro.js is a lightweight JavaScript library for creating step-by-step and powerful customer onboarding tours
- [MaterializeCSS](https://materializecss.com/) - A modern responsive front-end framework based on Material Design

## Author

👤 **Samuel de Almeida**

* Portfolio: [samuelalmeidadev.com.br](https://samuelalmeidadev.com.br/)
* Github: [@almeidiano](https://github.com/almeidiano)
* LinkedIn: [Samuel de Almeida](https://br.linkedin.com/in/samuel-de-almeida)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if this project helped you!

Commit message:

Programming language moved to TS, changed both ion icons, from sidebar and map

README.md, after:

## Warning (1.2.0 version)
As this project is highly scalable, the programming language has been moved to [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)

# Resi Map

<a href="#"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation-Yes-brightgreen" /></a> 
<a href="#"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Webpack-true-blue" /></a> 

<img src="https://a.pomf.cat/ldcacb.png" alt="Welcome Page">

> Explore the Residencial Primavera through an interactive map, made with <a href="https://threejs.org/" target="_blank">ThreeJS</a>.

## 🚀 Getting Started 

### Prerequisites

To run this project in the development mode, you'll need to have a basic environment to run Webpack, the information can be found [here](https://webpack.js.org/guides/getting-started/).

### Installing

**Cloning the Repository**

```
$ git clone https://github.com/almeidiano/resi-map/

$ cd resi-map
```

**Installing dependencies**

```
$ yarn
```

_or_

```
$ npm install
```

## Built With

- [ThreeJS](https://threejs.org/) - 3D map model made by this library
- [RenderDoc](https://renderdoc.org/) - Frame-capture software used to get this 3d model via google maps
- [Blender](https://www.blender.org/) - To made this 3D model accessible 
- [GSAP](https://greensock.com/gsap/) - Robust JavaScript animation toolset
- [Tippy.JS](https://atomiks.github.io/tippyjs/) - Tippy.js is the complete tooltip, popover, dropdown, and menu solution for the web.
- [IntroJS](https://introjs.com/) - Intro.js is a lightweight JavaScript library for creating step-by-step and powerful customer onboarding tours
- [MaterializeCSS](https://materializecss.com/) - A modern responsive front-end framework based on Material Design
- [WebPack](https://webpack.js.org/) - Webpack is used to compile JavaScript modules.
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - TypeScript is a strongly typed programming language that builds on JavaScript.

## Author

👤 **Samuel de Almeida**

* Portfolio: [samuelalmeidadev.com.br](https://samuelalmeidadev.com.br/)
* Github: [@almeidiano](https://github.com/almeidiano)
* LinkedIn: [Samuel de Almeida](https://br.linkedin.com/in/samuel-de-almeida)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if this project helped you!
